hey guys adam come equipped on door well
for our neck knife series i had right
here the CJ s iron flat this is a
special once said to me by jeff sailor
the owner of CJ s knives he's a custom
knife maker and i gotta say i was pretty
happy with this knife we're getting
ready to go outside and show you how i
use this knife out of the field for a
few weeks being a neck knife is kind of
hard to find a good amount of tests to
do so what I just basically did is I
just carry this is my primary neck knife
through a couple trips and whatnot
around the house and doing different
things so some good stuff and then this
is a 1095 blade will go over the specs
here real short leases is stay tuned
one thing I'd say is edge retention on
this is really well came very very sharp
I mean shaving sharp out of the box I've
used it for a couple things hadn't any
issues with it just put it through a
couple of swipes some 6,000 grit
sandpaper to hone it back to razor
sharpness so pretty good stuff so think
about a neck knives you're not gonna use
it for that many large tasks something
like this you can actually push the
limits up but we're gonna start off some
little bit different for this test burn
a slice up some vegetables because
unlike this i would use more in a
capacity of kitchen prep when I'm out
there doing any kind of camping or you
know food preparation it's it's a
perfect little Skinner hunting knife you
can really control the point really
really well as you can see it's a
modified drop point so you have no issue
at all with that but since we're not in
season right now I don't think buying a
rabbit skin we're going to dis new some
vegetables so stay tuned normally I
wouldn't worry about the cutting board
the wife said that I had to use these
vegetables I wasn't allowed to waste
them Mario losing some butt
just give you guys example it is pretty
ergonomic the hole for slicing let me
come here with the tomatoes just give
you guys kind of a point of reference to
the sharpness
so there you go pretty sharp on that end
now I know what you guys are saying
really Adam vegetables well you know a
small knife like this you probably use
it for something like that but it also
has other cutting capabilities of me
they wipe the vegetables off of it you
know you can hold it in a couple
different angles so if you want to just
know do your normal tent peg not an
issue at all or if you want to come in
here and do some notching do a good push
cut for a notch
not a problem at all look at issue
but of course it wouldn't be an e 2e
test without a little bit batani so we
got some what we want to split down to
some kindling and we're going to push
the limits with it right now they don't
want some my protection you real quick
I'll do so pretty good stuff so let's go
inside guys and we'll do a review real
quick we'll be right back okay guys here
we have the ironclad now this is a
three-inch blade six and a half inch
overall one inch thick piece you can see
right here we have the deep in the Jeep
Jeep in digital pattern scales there is
a white and lay there in there as well
two brass pins now the only constructive
criticism that I've heard about this
knife I had led some other people
playing around with it they thought the
edge is they're going to sharp for them
there's a very very slight roll to the
edge I actually didn't mind it at all it
wasn't issue I've got bigger hands that
they complained I heard from that some
people but i actually did talk to jeff
about that in consideration in regards
to the the edge on the blade still very
very razor sharp like I said before I've
used this for a few months and actually
just threw some 6,000 grit paper and
everything was good to go did some
batani with it up chopped vegetables
with it I've been some small carving
everything rope rope cutting everything
like that now one thing with guys with
bigger hands this knife might be a
little too small it's right on the cusp
of being too small for me but if you're
going to use it for a little little
Skinner it might be perfect let me give
you guys a little bit wider angle right
there it might be perfect for you in
regards to that now the rockwell
hardness on this is 58 the base model
sells for 75 bucks this one right here
with the digital pattern g10 scales is
actually to add 50 bucks to the price
tag this would be 125 now he does have a
custom-made kotik sheath that comes with
it the only issue I had with the sheath
is the retention there needs to be some
kind of retention clip either here or
this needs to go in a little bit further
this is something that you probably do
yourself in regards to reheating of the
Kydex but Jeff actually took that in
consideration he's actually working out
that issue right now like I said I've
had this model for a few months but very
light worked very well like I said
before the only other things that I like
to see cuz I I prefer to have that is
maybe a lanyard hole but I might throw
off the balance of the
a little bit but on all great stuff
seventy-five bucks for a custom knife
base model is not that bad of a price
tag and as you guys saw before it really
didn't have any issues standing up into
some larger task now so guys that's
pretty much it the CGS ironclad give it
a check out from mr. Jeff sailor captain
Jeff as it is this knife is actually
part of the e2e gear pass around so I'm
sending this to one of my each we paying
website members they're going to play
around with us for a little bit and then
pass it on to the next individual before
we send it back to Jeff so great stuff
all in all will get their input on it as
well and then all that information will
be filtered back to Jeff so it can take
any pros and cons give you guys one one
last quick look-see give it a check out
his website is CJ s knives dot-com and
I'm sure hose up for any email he's also
had some YouTube videos and a Facebook
page as well so give that a check out
hey guys is down from equipped on door
if you guys any questions or comments
for me you can email me at Adam at
equipped indoor calm you guys take care
be safe out there and remember if you're
not always prepared you're never
prepared thanks